This means that you can benefit or to cure the disease, as mentioned in the Buddha's teaching, the
substance, and the mantra, and the meditation.
Among these three, this practice of Medicine Buddha is the mantra and the meditation topic, and so
therefore it is very special.
In particular, this practice is then very special practice that is the blessing, combined,
triggered, or blessings from Khyendarachta,
as well as from Guru Padmasambha, combined, triggered in one single state.
This was then discovered by a great tekung, Modyotogi, and edited by this another great master, R
aga Asye.
So it is a combination of many blessed, blessed world, blessed healing, blessed, really combined
with this Medicine Buddha practice.
So it is one of the very, very special practices of the Medicine Buddha, and that existing and in
it a bit, and this is now.
And therefore, we should really practice this. Whenever we have time, practice with both joy, and
devotion, and confidence, then we should practice on this Medicine Buddha practices.
And then Medicine Buddha practices, and when it comes to the self, as you see here, that we can do
two meditations, as we utilize our self as Medicine Buddha,
and then we utilize Medicine Buddha right also in front of you, another Medicine Buddha, or we
utilize our self as Medicine Buddha,
the sakhaikala or the laposlajikala of Medicine Buddha, and then the seven other Medicine Buddhas,
surrounded by this Medicine Buddha,
which is your self as Medicine Buddha, and surrounded by the seven other medicine Buddhas, right in
front of you.
And then place where you utilize the meditation, since you have utilized your self as Medicine
Buddha or Medicine Buddha is right in front of you,
then this universe is the world where we are, is also not just a regular world of the universe, but
it is land of the Medicine Buddha,
land of the healing, the ex-Christa pure land, or pure land of upon pleasure to sing, sing the
pleasure, that tantra pure land.
Everything is a healing, healing place, everything is completely healed, all the state of the
enlightenment, healing energy.
Feel that presence, and then we will utilize our self, medicine Buddha, with all these latinos and
all these mandalas, as you mentioned there.
And as we were within that with great confidence and very, like that meditative concentrate status,
and then you can act as in sadness, from the heart center of the home silver, began to emanate a
lateral blue light,
and as well as all the other latinos, went every direction of the pure land, particularly to the
east land, pure land of the medicine Buddha,
invoked his blessings, all the medicine Buddha, all their blessings, completely triggered them, and
blessed the healing power.
All that came as a writing to you, in a way, and pulled to your three places.
Body, speech, mind, or from chakra, sweet chakra and heart chakra, and that moment even your
meditation or your power is more kind of ignited, more glorified within that medicine Buddha status
.
And with that medicine Buddha, and then you can make all those kind of ritual ceremony praise.
As it mentioned, the text clearly very beautiful in the colloquial style, we do these ceremony
practices in order to accommodate and to marry, or to fulfill the completely to marry that which
will benefit our self to the old beings through strong persons.
And then the recited these mantras. Mantra, and then as we recited the mantra continually emanating
, lateral healing light and blessing light,
then going to all the different directions, and then heal everyone, every sickness, their troubles,
all their sickness and unbalance of the body and mind, completely cleared with and uprooted, even
the cause of the disease, as we discussed, ignorance and attachment, anger, all the negative
patterns, completely cleared with that.
So when this blue light comes, the blue light goes, it contains the every healing power.